README.md, before:

# What's this?

(rushing this because my dumbass forgot to save and pressed the previous page by mistake)

This is a couple of edits to Restoration Mod fitted for my liking.

# Changes:

Vanilla units spawn across most factions.

Marshal Shield always uses the `bravo` voicelines, regardless of faction.

Increased the volume of some voicelines.

Medics, Medic-dozers, and OMNIA LPFs can heal eachother.

fbi_1, and Big Dave spawn natrually.

Big Dave has random weapons.

Added descriptions for various weapons.

Half assed custom weapon support for Third Eye Railgun, UTS-15, VxWolf's HK G11, Crime Boss: Rockay City Scudomnion, PD:TH AMCAR-4, M7 Pursuivant Shotgun, IWI TAR-21, Travis Baker's Repeater, Hawk Type 97, K3 Light Machine Gun, Owen SMG, .300 Knockout, PP-91 KEDR, AF2011, and Crime Boss Handcannon.

SPAS-15 fires 12 shells instead of 9.

Package data for Russia and Murkywater properlly load.

Titan Cloakers spawn on mayhem and above.

NewCopper's Assets somehow (Does not load)

Zip .22 has a 1% chance to fail

4 new mutators

Scout G7 deals 25% more damage on headshots at the cost of less damage

Widomaker TX is a primary and deals more headshot damage, but has less body shot damage and fires slower.

# Mutators:

Ludicrous Mode: Enemies drop one less ammo pickup.

Warthogs: All types of bulldozers have a chance to spawn a flamethrower weilding Warthog.

Oops! All Specials!: Only special units spawn.

Semi-Auto Shotgun Bulldozers spawns miniguns (`Loc.lua` was changed to reflect this)

Sniper Hell: Most enemies spawn with Sniper Rifles.

# Voicelines:

ASU: Coach (L4D2)

Autumm: Robot Spy (Team Fortress 2)

Bravo DMR: GSG9 (Counter Strike)

Bravo DMR Murky: Phoenix (Counter Strike)

Bravo Elite: Mercenary (Open Fortress)

Murkywater Bravo Elite: Anarchist (Counter Strike)

Murkywater Vet: Trooper (Typical Colors 2)

Cop Female: Female Spy (Team Fortress 2)

Grenadier: Annihilator (Typical Colors 2)

Heavy Gunner: Alliance (Unit: Classified)

Spring: Robot Heavy (Team Fortress 2)

Biker Bulldozer: Brute (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Bulldozer: Arsonist (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Bulldozer Russia: Heavy Weapons Guy (Team Fortress 2: Russian Dub)

Titan Shield: Robot Pyro (Team Fortress 2)

Titan Sniper Murkywater: Marskman (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Cloaker: Flanker (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Cloaker Russia: Scout (Team Fortress 2: Russian Dub)

Warthog/Snowman: Understandable Pyro v2 (https://gamebanana.com/sounds/59101)

Murkywater Cloaker: Myself

Marshal Marksman: Sniper (Team Fortress 2)

Summers: Bill (Left 4 Dead Russian Dub)

Sergeant Doc: Nick (Left 4 Dead 2 Russian Dub)

# Credits

Rhynne: Helped in development of the Restoration HUD and was the original project lead. Creating Major Heist Edits.

DoktorAkcel: Majority of the HUD and UI setup, asset work, incredibly useful research to help with mod development.

SC: Providing the vast majority of the codebase, the balancing and the truly awesome general design of the overhaul.

DMC: Assisting with creation of the weapons, skill trees and helping with overall balance in the overhaul.

Reno: Major asset and sound contributions. minor code contributions. Voicing Murkywater Special Forces.

Jarey_: Major asset contributions and voicing the Titan Sniper.

Zdann: Major asset contributions.

Splish: Asset and sound contributions.

Rex: Asset contributions and level design.

Fuglore: AI and tactic changes, contributions to the original Grenade Launcher NPC base. 

Ravicale: Major contributions to code and balance.

Teacyn: Writing the overhaul steam guide and providing valuable feedback to overhaul development. Creation of multiple alternate heist environments.

Nelson01023: Setting up many enemy accessories and adding support for many custom weapons. Improving a bunch of assets & making new ones. Creating various Minor Heist Edits.

Sgt. Joe: Providing base models and textures for the Federales Beatcops & ze NYPD assets + ze Russians Very big asset contributions very nice very awesome. Awesomeness!

Iamgoofball: Birthed the Voiceline Framework, contributing to the development of Captain Summers and his team, original Grenade Launcher NPC base. So much win!

Finale: Truly amazing and Insightful feedback with startling levels of accuracy during development.

Offyerrocker: Helping redesign Sentries. Making Autumn's special abilities work, and other assorted code things.

Scruffy: Voicing the Grenadier.

VxWolf: Creating the custom Restoration Mod soundtrack and voicing the OMNIA LPF.

Skwuruhl: fixing stance modifiers and making spread work better.

R_Populik: Original Fort 500 asset.

GSC Game World: Inventors of the STALKER Gauss Gun and Ecologist suit

Major Pyatosin: voicing the US National Guard, Murky Medic, Vet Cop and Jackal. Various asset contributions.

Whurr: Major heist edits.

Ellie: Major heist edits and code contributions.

test-1: adding the package loading system, updating the network code, expanding the options menu and fixing all the bugs we couldn't.

Porky da Corgi: creating the base textures for the grenadier and OMNIA Light

Wekk: Telling us what LPF should mean and allowing us to implement "Less Clones, More Face Variations" mod and "Zeal Shield Illumination Fix" into the mod.

Hoppip: Manufactured the Mind Blown graze rework, the insane laser assets used for enemy damage buffs and the Streamlined Heisting framework. 

Baddy: Quite big asset contributions. Prettier Gensec Units.

Hoxi: for deafening numbers of fixes and general code improvements, and contributions to the original Grenade Launcher NPC base. Amazing work!

Luffy: For improving the HUD/UI code and adding more HUD/UI options

KLEITON and Tom Blaine: taking on the enormous task of translating the gotovitʹ na paru's guide into Russian.

DryBittenCuticles: vocalizing the Policía Federal Grenadier

MarioInATopHat: voicing Big Dave

Nikolas Pascal: creating the art that inspired the Sunny-Side Robber custom outfit

easterunit100: creating the code for enemies commenting on certain deployables

Marcel Kamisso: For the multicam used on Murky units

RedFlame: Fixed some iffy scripting for Framing Frame D3, Spawn delay fix, overall improvements and fixes to AI logics and other issues. 

SonicSoapyBoi: Dapamoga for adjustment, tessiravannem and bug fix.

Dorpenka: Updated Combat Harness viewmodel, chromatic aberration and civilian kill line fixes

Rickerus: Providing assets for the ASU's head.

Marshie: Russian localisation

LR_Daring: Chinese localisation

GullwingDoor: Korean localisation

Additional Testers: Derma, ShortonComedyGamer, K4_Kydure, Finale

AND YOU, THE RESMOD GAMERS!

Commit message:

dev branch rpg-7 guys + akan lpfs

README.md, after:

# What's this?

(rushing this because my dumbass forgot to save and pressed the previous page by mistake)

This is a couple of edits to Restoration Mod fitted for my liking.

# Changes:

Vanilla units spawn across most factions.

Marshal Shield always uses the `bravo` voicelines, regardless of faction.

Increased the volume of some voicelines.

Medics, Medic-dozers, and OMNIA LPFs can heal eachother.

fbi_1, and Big Dave spawn natrually.

Big Dave has random weapons.

Added descriptions for various weapons.

Half assed custom weapon support for Third Eye Railgun, UTS-15, VxWolf's HK G11, Crime Boss: Rockay City Scudomnion, PD:TH AMCAR-4, M7 Pursuivant Shotgun, IWI TAR-21, Travis Baker's Repeater, Hawk Type 97, K3 Light Machine Gun, Owen SMG, .300 Knockout, PP-91 KEDR, AF2011, and Crime Boss Handcannon.

SPAS-15 fires 12 shells instead of 9.

Package data for Russia and Murkywater properlly load.

Titan Cloakers spawn on mayhem and above.

NewCopper's Assets somehow (Planned to remove on 2025)

Zip .22 has a 1% chance to fail

4 new mutators

Scout G7 deals 25% more damage on headshots at the cost of less damage

Widomaker TX is a primary and deals more headshot damage, but has less body shot damage and fires slower.

Akan LPFs and Enforcers spawn on mexico heists

# Mutators:

Ludicrous Mode: Enemies drop one less ammo pickup.

Warthogs: All types of bulldozers have a chance to spawn a flamethrower weilding Warthog.

Oops! All Specials!: Only special units spawn.

Semi-Auto Shotgun Bulldozers spawns miniguns (`Loc.lua` was changed to reflect this)

Sniper Hell: Most enemies spawn with Sniper Rifles.

# Voicelines:

ASU: Coach (L4D2)

Autumm: Robot Spy (Team Fortress 2)

Bravo DMR: GSG9 (Counter Strike)

Bravo DMR Murky: Phoenix (Counter Strike)

Bravo Elite: Mercenary (Open Fortress)

Murkywater Bravo Elite: Anarchist (Counter Strike)

Murkywater Vet: Trooper (Typical Colors 2)

Cop Female: Female Spy (Team Fortress 2)

Grenadier: Annihilator (Typical Colors 2)

Heavy Gunner: Alliance (Unit: Classified)

Spring: Robot Heavy (Team Fortress 2)

Biker Bulldozer: Brute (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Bulldozer: Arsonist (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Bulldozer Russia: Heavy Weapons Guy (Team Fortress 2: Russian Dub)

Titan Shield: Robot Pyro (Team Fortress 2)

Titan Sniper Murkywater: Marskman (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Cloaker: Flanker (Typical Colors 2)

Titan Cloaker Russia: Scout (Team Fortress 2: Russian Dub)

Warthog/Snowman: Understandable Pyro v2 (https://gamebanana.com/sounds/59101)

Murkywater Cloaker: Myself

Marshal Marksman: Sniper (Team Fortress 2)

Summers: Bill (Left 4 Dead Russian Dub)

Sergeant Doc: Nick (Left 4 Dead 2 Russian Dub)

# Credits

Rhynne: Helped in development of the Restoration HUD and was the original project lead. Creating Major Heist Edits.

DoktorAkcel: Majority of the HUD and UI setup, asset work, incredibly useful research to help with mod development.

SC: Providing the vast majority of the codebase, the balancing and the truly awesome general design of the overhaul.

DMC: Assisting with creation of the weapons, skill trees and helping with overall balance in the overhaul.

Reno: Major asset and sound contributions. minor code contributions. Voicing Murkywater Special Forces.

Jarey_: Major asset contributions and voicing the Titan Sniper.

Zdann: Major asset contributions.

Splish: Asset and sound contributions.

Rex: Asset contributions and level design.

Fuglore: AI and tactic changes, contributions to the original Grenade Launcher NPC base. 

Ravicale: Major contributions to code and balance.

Teacyn: Writing the overhaul steam guide and providing valuable feedback to overhaul development. Creation of multiple alternate heist environments.

Nelson01023: Setting up many enemy accessories and adding support for many custom weapons. Improving a bunch of assets & making new ones. Creating various Minor Heist Edits.

Sgt. Joe: Providing base models and textures for the Federales Beatcops & ze NYPD assets + ze Russians Very big asset contributions very nice very awesome. Awesomeness!

Iamgoofball: Birthed the Voiceline Framework, contributing to the development of Captain Summers and his team, original Grenade Launcher NPC base. So much win!

Finale: Truly amazing and Insightful feedback with startling levels of accuracy during development.

Offyerrocker: Helping redesign Sentries. Making Autumn's special abilities work, and other assorted code things.

Scruffy: Voicing the Grenadier.

VxWolf: Creating the custom Restoration Mod soundtrack and voicing the OMNIA LPF.

Skwuruhl: fixing stance modifiers and making spread work better.

R_Populik: Original Fort 500 asset.

GSC Game World: Inventors of the STALKER Gauss Gun and Ecologist suit

Major Pyatosin: voicing the US National Guard, Murky Medic, Vet Cop and Jackal. Various asset contributions.

Whurr: Major heist edits.

Ellie: Major heist edits and code contributions.

test-1: adding the package loading system, updating the network code, expanding the options menu and fixing all the bugs we couldn't.

Porky da Corgi: creating the base textures for the grenadier and OMNIA Light

Wekk: Telling us what LPF should mean and allowing us to implement "Less Clones, More Face Variations" mod and "Zeal Shield Illumination Fix" into the mod.

Hoppip: Manufactured the Mind Blown graze rework, the insane laser assets used for enemy damage buffs and the Streamlined Heisting framework. 

Baddy: Quite big asset contributions. Prettier Gensec Units.

Hoxi: for deafening numbers of fixes and general code improvements, and contributions to the original Grenade Launcher NPC base. Amazing work!

Luffy: For improving the HUD/UI code and adding more HUD/UI options

KLEITON and Tom Blaine: taking on the enormous task of translating the gotovitʹ na paru's guide into Russian.

DryBittenCuticles: vocalizing the Policía Federal Grenadier

MarioInATopHat: voicing Big Dave

Nikolas Pascal: creating the art that inspired the Sunny-Side Robber custom outfit

easterunit100: creating the code for enemies commenting on certain deployables

Marcel Kamisso: For the multicam used on Murky units

RedFlame: Fixed some iffy scripting for Framing Frame D3, Spawn delay fix, overall improvements and fixes to AI logics and other issues. 

SonicSoapyBoi: Dapamoga for adjustment, tessiravannem and bug fix.

Dorpenka: Updated Combat Harness viewmodel, chromatic aberration and civilian kill line fixes

Rickerus: Providing assets for the ASU's head.

Marshie: Russian localisation

LR_Daring: Chinese localisation

GullwingDoor: Korean localisation

Additional Testers: Derma, ShortonComedyGamer, K4_Kydure, Finale

AND YOU, THE RESMOD GAMERS!
